What is the role of JDBC driver in a Sqoop set up?
Is JDBC driver enough to connect sqoop to the databases?
When to use --target-dir and when to use --warehouse-dir while importing data?
How can you import only a subset of rows form a table?
How can we import a subset of rows from a table without using the where clause?
What is the advantage of using --password-file rather than -P option while preventing the display of password in the sqoop import statement?
What is the default extension of the files produced from a sqoop import using the --compress parameter ?
What is the significance of using --compress-codec parameter?
What is a disadvantage of using --direct parameter for faster data load by sqoop?
How can you control the number of mappers used by the sqoop command?
How can you avoid importing tables one-by-one when importing a large number of tables from a database ?
When the source data keeps getting updated frequently, what is the approach to keep it in sync with the data in HDFS imported by sqoop?
What is the usefulness of the options file in sqoop.
Is it possible to add a parameter while running a saved job?
How do you fetch data which is the result of join between two tables?
How can we slice the data to be imported to multiple parallel tasks?
How can you choose a name for the mapreduce job which is created on submitting a free-form query import ?
Before starting the data transfer using mapreduce job, sqoop takes a long time to retrieve the minimum and maximum values of columns mentioned in –split-by parameter. How can we make it
efficient ?
What is the difference between the parameters sqoop.export.records.per.statement and sqoop.export.statements.per.transaction ?
How will you implement all-or-nothing load using sqoop?
How do you clear the data in a staging table before loading it by Sqoop?
How will you update the rows that are already exported?
How can you sync a exported table with HDFS data in which some rows are deleted?
How can you export only a subset of columns to a relational table using sqoop?
How can we load to a column in a relational table which is not null but the incoming value from HDFS has a null value?
How can you schedule a sqoop job using Oozie?
Give a sqoop command to show all the databases in a MySql server.
What do you mean by Free Form Import in Sqoop?
How can you force sqoop to execute a free form Sql query only once and import the rows serially.
In a sqoop import command you have mentioned to run 8 parallel Mapreduce task but sqoop runs only 4. What can be the reason?
What is the importance of --split-by clause in running parallel import tasks in sqoop?
What happens when a table is imported into a HDFS directory which already exists using the –apend parameter?
How can you control the mapping between SQL data types and Java types?
How to import only the updated rows form a table into HDFS using sqoop assuming the source has last update timestamp details for each row?
What are the two file formats supported by sqoop for import?
Give a sqoop command to import the columns employee_id,first_name,last_name from the MySql table Employee
Give a sqoop command to run only 8 mapreduce tasks in parallel
Give a Sqoop command to import all the records from employee table divided into groups of records by the values in the column department_id.
Give a sqoop command to import data from all tables in the MySql DB DB1.
Give a command to execute a stored procedure named proc1 which exports data to from MySQL db named DB1 into a HDFS directory named Dir1.
What is a sqoop metastore?
What is the purpose of sqoop-merge?
How can you see the list of stored jobs in sqoop metastore?
Give the sqoop command to see the content of the job named myjob?
Which database the sqoop metastore runs on?
Where can the metastore database be hosted?

Answers
http://www.tutorialspoint.com/sqoop/pdf/sqoop_interview_questions.pdf
